Update submitting_to_assetlib.rst (#7339)
godotengine/godot-docs: community/asset_library/submitting_to_assetlib.rst

if you follow these recommendations, you can help make the asset
library a better place for all users.

* When creating non-project assets, it is common practice to place your files

>   inside of an **addons/AssetName/** folder. Do this to avoid having your files 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  inside of an **addons/asset_name/** folder. Do this to avoid having your files 
```

We want to encourage lowercase file names to avoid issues with case sensitivity.
